Added Batch Restart Section. (#183)
spring-io/dataflow.spring.io: content/documentation/pages/5-feature-guides/2-batch/5-restarting.md

---
path: 'feature-guides/batch/restarting/'
title: 'Restarting Batch Jobs'
description: 'Learn how to restart Batch Jobs'
---

# Batch Job Restart

> Spring Cloud Data Flow allows a user to restart a Spring Batch Job. Meaning that if a Spring Batch Job fails, it can be restarted and pick up the work from where it left off. In this section, we will show you how you can restart batch jobs using Spring Cloud Data Flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spring Cloud Data Flow allows a user to restart a Spring Batch Job. For instance, if a Spring Batch Job fails to run, it can be restarted from SCDF Dashboard, so the batch-job can pick up the work from where it left off. In this section, we will show how you can restart batch-jobs.
```

## Restarting a Batch Job

To restart a Spring Batch Job, navigate to the Jobs page by pressing the `Jobs` tab located on the left hand side of the UI.
![Create Schedule](images/SCDF-job-page.png)

> Now identify the job you wish to restart. In our example below, the `JobTwo` job shows a status of `FAILED`, thus this is the job that should be restarted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now identify the job you wish to restart. In our example below, the `JobTwo` shows a status of `FAILED`, thus the UI provides an option to restart this batch-job.
```

To do this press the dropdown button associated with the `JobTwo` job and select `Restart the job`.
![Create Schedule](images/SCDF-job-restart.png)

Now a dialog box will appear asking if you wish to restart the job. Press the `Restart` button.
![Create Schedule](images/SCDF-job-restart-verify.png)

At this point Spring Cloud Data Flow will relaunch the task for this Spring Batch Job.

> Once the Job has finished you will see that `JobTwo` completed successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Job has finished its operation without any errors, you will see that `JobTwo` completed successfully.
```
